docs/faq/faq.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: FAQ
nav_order: 4
has_children: false
---

# FAQ
{: .no_toc }

1. TOC
{:toc}
---
## What order should I plug my motor wires in?
You can plug your 3-phase motor wires in any order. It is unclear whether the same motor configuration will behave
differently with a different A,B,C wire order, so it is best to choose an order and stick with it during your 
development process.

## What should I use to power up the ODrive?
We will typically have 24 Volt DC Power Supplies to provide power to your ODrive board. There is a DC power terminal
on the side of your board. Right next to the DC terminal is the USB port to communicate with your ODrive board. Check 
out [this diagram](https://docs.odriverobotics.com/v/latest/_images/ODriveBasicWiring.png) for a better understanding
of the board layout.

## Why do I need a 15A fuse?
It is important to use a 15A rated fuse on the positive wire for your DC power supply. Most DC power supplies we 
use are rated for 18A. We do not want any excess current making its way back to the power supply and breaking it, so we
have a fuse that blows before it makes its way back to the power supply. In general, you want to utilize the fuse that is
closest to your power supply amp rating without exceeding that rating.

## `odrivetool liveplotter` does not work?
Sometimes, the liveplotter will not appear on your screen. This can be fixed by typing the following
in your terminal, `sudo apt-get install python3-tk`. In case it still does not work, try out the following example from
matplotlib and note if there are any errors -- [example](https://matplotlib.org/2.0.2/examples/api/legend_demo.html).

## Common Errors
* `DC_BUS_OVER_REGEN_CURRENT`
  * Your DC power supply is receiving current that it cannot handle. 
    * Is your brake resistor physically connected to your board?
    * If you enter `odrivetool` and type in `odrvX.config.enable_brake_resistor`, does it return True?
    * ODrive's default configuration is to have the brake resistor disabled by default. Be wary of using
      `odrv0.erase_configuration()` because this will revert the ODrive back to its factory configuration
      with the brake resistor disabled. Ensure that `odrvX.config.enable_brake_resistor` is set to True if you 
      are using a brake resistor.
* `MOTOR_ERROR_CURRENT_LIMIT_VIOLATION`
  * The current sent to your motor has exceeded the current limit.
    * In `odrivetool` type in `odrvX.axisX.motor.config.current_lim`. Does your current limit seem high
    enough? If not, try increasing the current limit in small increments until you no longer receive
    the error.
* `CONTROLLER_ERROR_OVERSPEED`
  * Your motor has exceeded its velocity limit and moved faster/farther than it was supposed to.
    * In `odrivetool` type in `odrvX.axisX.controller.config.vel_limit` to see your chosen motor's 
    velocity limit. Does this value make sense? 
    * Be careful when using normal position control instead of trapezoidal trajectory control as your
    motor will move as fast as it can as opposed to having a smooth acceleration.
    * As a last result, you can also change the margin of error/tolerance that the controller uses to
    determine if your motor is too fast by accessing `odrvX.axisX.controller.config.vel_limit_tolerance`.
* `[LEGACY_PROTOCOL] previous endpoint operation still not sent` and `libfibre` error
  * These errors usually show up when you are communicating with the odrive over multiple threads.
  * The odrive is happiest when there is only one thread communicating with it. Please refrain from having multiple
    threads writing to or reading from the odrive. This applies if you have one thread checking GPIO while also
    running a thread which sets the motor velocities.
* `CONTROLLER_ERROR_SPINOUT_DETECTED`
  * This error is one of the harder ones to diagnose. It occurs when an incorrect encoder offset is detected. In other
    words, the motor moved too fast for the encoder to stay synchronized, and thus the encoder has 'spun out'.
  * If you ever hear your motor sputter out or continue to move much faster than you've intended, this error might be
    behind it.
  * To fix this error, start by first replacing the encoder cables, then the encoder itself, and lastly if the error still
    persists after testing a new cable and encoder, try increasing the bandwidth of the encoder in `odrivetool`.
    * You can increase the encoder bandwidth using `odrvX.axisX.encoder.config.bandwidth`. The default value in 
      `odrivetool` should be 1000 hz.
      
## How do I backup the configuration of my ODrive?
It is important to back up the custom configuration of your ODrive board. It is not uncommon to spend a fair bit of  time 
over the course of a project making custom configurations to your ODrive board. Furthermore, it is not uncommon to make these
custom configurations in the odrivetool in the command line, so there is often no record of these custom configurations. 
So it is a great idea to create a backup of this and commit it to your github repo. Fortunately it is easy to create a backup
of the odrive configuration. 
* To perform a backup of the odrive configuration do the following. This assumes the odrive board you wish to perform a backup 
  of is plugged into the usb port of the raspberry pi for your project.
  * Close all connections to the odrive. Close any python or odrivetool sessions that are connected to the odrive. 
  * Open a terminal session on the Raspberry Pi
  * change your location to the directory that has the git repo for the project
  * at the terminal enter the following command:
    * odrivetool backup-config yourprojectname-odrivebackup.json
    * This will create a .json file that details all the odrive settings.
    * Then commit this file in git and push it to github

* To restore odrive configuration from a .json file onto an existing odrive or a new odrive do the following: This assumes
  the odrive board you wish to perform the restore onto is plugged into the usb port of the raspberry pi for your project.
  * Close all connections to the odrive. Close any python or odrivetool sessions that are connected to the odrive. 
  * Open a terminal session on the Raspberry Pi
  * change your location to the directory that has the git repo for the project and thus the .json file that you want to restore.
  * at the terminal enter the following command:
    * odrivetool restore-config yourprojectname-odrivebackup.json
    * This will restore the odrive settings from the yourprojectname-odrivebackup.json file.

## How do I enable the brake resitor?
* To enable the brake resitor
  * Start odrivetool
  * odrv0.config.enable_brake_resistor = True
  * odrv0.save_configuration()

Commit message:

Updates for new PyPi version 1.1.1

docs/faq/faq.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: FAQ
nav_order: 4
has_children: false
---

# FAQ
{: .no_toc }

1. TOC
{:toc}
---
## I am getting import errors and odrive is outdated.
Note that import errors in actual projects are likely caused by the old import file structure: e.g. 
```
from odrive_helpers import *
```
Should actually be:
```
from dpea_odrive.odrive_helpers import *
```
On older projects, issues might also arise from having a newer version of the odrive library: ensure that you're on v 0.5.4 by running:
```
pip3 install odrive==0.5.4
```

## What order should I plug my motor wires in?
You can plug your 3-phase motor wires in any order. It is unclear whether the same motor configuration will behave
differently with a different A,B,C wire order, so it is best to choose an order and stick with it during your 
development process.

## What should I use to power up the ODrive?
We will typically have 24 Volt DC Power Supplies to provide power to your ODrive board. There is a DC power terminal
on the side of your board. Right next to the DC terminal is the USB port to communicate with your ODrive board. Check 
out [this diagram](https://docs.odriverobotics.com/v/latest/_images/ODriveBasicWiring.png) for a better understanding
of the board layout.

## Why do I need a 15A fuse?
It is important to use a 15A rated fuse on the positive wire for your DC power supply. Most DC power supplies we 
use are rated for 18A. We do not want any excess current making its way back to the power supply and breaking it, so we
have a fuse that blows before it makes its way back to the power supply. In general, you want to utilize the fuse that is
closest to your power supply amp rating without exceeding that rating.

## `odrivetool liveplotter` does not work?
Sometimes, the liveplotter will not appear on your screen. This can be fixed by typing the following
in your terminal, `sudo apt-get install python3-tk`. In case it still does not work, try out the following example from
matplotlib and note if there are any errors -- [example](https://matplotlib.org/2.0.2/examples/api/legend_demo.html).

## Common Errors
* `DC_BUS_OVER_REGEN_CURRENT`
  * Your DC power supply is receiving current that it cannot handle. 
    * Is your brake resistor physically connected to your board?
    * If you enter `odrivetool` and type in `odrvX.config.enable_brake_resistor`, does it return True?
    * ODrive's default configuration is to have the brake resistor disabled by default. Be wary of using
      `odrv0.erase_configuration()` because this will revert the ODrive back to its factory configuration
      with the brake resistor disabled. Ensure that `odrvX.config.enable_brake_resistor` is set to True if you 
      are using a brake resistor.
* `MOTOR_ERROR_CURRENT_LIMIT_VIOLATION`
  * The current sent to your motor has exceeded the current limit.
    * In `odrivetool` type in `odrvX.axisX.motor.config.current_lim`. Does your current limit seem high
    enough? If not, try increasing the current limit in small increments until you no longer receive
    the error.
* `CONTROLLER_ERROR_OVERSPEED`
  * Your motor has exceeded its velocity limit and moved faster/farther than it was supposed to.
    * In `odrivetool` type in `odrvX.axisX.controller.config.vel_limit` to see your chosen motor's 
    velocity limit. Does this value make sense? 
    * Be careful when using normal position control instead of trapezoidal trajectory control as your
    motor will move as fast as it can as opposed to having a smooth acceleration.
    * As a last result, you can also change the margin of error/tolerance that the controller uses to
    determine if your motor is too fast by accessing `odrvX.axisX.controller.config.vel_limit_tolerance`.
* `[LEGACY_PROTOCOL] previous endpoint operation still not sent` and `libfibre` error
  * These errors usually show up when you are communicating with the odrive over multiple threads.
  * The odrive is happiest when there is only one thread communicating with it. Please refrain from having multiple
    threads writing to or reading from the odrive. This applies if you have one thread checking GPIO while also
    running a thread which sets the motor velocities.
* `CONTROLLER_ERROR_SPINOUT_DETECTED`
  * This error is one of the harder ones to diagnose. It occurs when an incorrect encoder offset is detected. In other
    words, the motor moved too fast for the encoder to stay synchronized, and thus the encoder has 'spun out'.
  * If you ever hear your motor sputter out or continue to move much faster than you've intended, this error might be
    behind it.
  * To fix this error, start by first replacing the encoder cables, then the encoder itself, and lastly if the error still
    persists after testing a new cable and encoder, try increasing the bandwidth of the encoder in `odrivetool`.
    * You can increase the encoder bandwidth using `odrvX.axisX.encoder.config.bandwidth`. The default value in 
      `odrivetool` should be 1000 hz.
      
## How do I backup the configuration of my ODrive?
It is important to back up the custom configuration of your ODrive board. It is not uncommon to spend a fair bit of  time 
over the course of a project making custom configurations to your ODrive board. Furthermore, it is not uncommon to make these
custom configurations in the odrivetool in the command line, so there is often no record of these custom configurations. 
So it is a great idea to create a backup of this and commit it to your github repo. Fortunately it is easy to create a backup
of the odrive configuration. 
* To perform a backup of the odrive configuration do the following. This assumes the odrive board you wish to perform a backup 
  of is plugged into the usb port of the raspberry pi for your project.
  * Close all connections to the odrive. Close any python or odrivetool sessions that are connected to the odrive. 
  * Open a terminal session on the Raspberry Pi
  * change your location to the directory that has the git repo for the project
  * at the terminal enter the following command:
    * odrivetool backup-config yourprojectname-odrivebackup.json
    * This will create a .json file that details all the odrive settings.
    * Then commit this file in git and push it to github

* To restore odrive configuration from a .json file onto an existing odrive or a new odrive do the following: This assumes
  the odrive board you wish to perform the restore onto is plugged into the usb port of the raspberry pi for your project.
  * Close all connections to the odrive. Close any python or odrivetool sessions that are connected to the odrive. 
  * Open a terminal session on the Raspberry Pi
  * change your location to the directory that has the git repo for the project and thus the .json file that you want to restore.
  * at the terminal enter the following command:
    * odrivetool restore-config yourprojectname-odrivebackup.json
    * This will restore the odrive settings from the yourprojectname-odrivebackup.json file.

## How do I enable the brake resitor?
* To enable the brake resitor
  * Start odrivetool
  * odrv0.config.enable_brake_resistor = True
  * odrv0.save_configuration()
